---
title: Data Protection Notice
permalink: /data-protection-notice/
description: ""
---
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE Data Protection Notice (“Notice”) sets out the basis upon which CRIS and its Business Units1 (“we”, “us” or “our”) may collect, use, disclose or otherwise process personal data in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”). This Policy applies to personal data in our possession or under our control, including personal data in the possession of organisations which we have engaged to collect, use, disclose or process personal data for our purposes. PERSONAL DATA 1. As used in this Notice, “personal data” means data, whether true or not, about an employee who can be identified: (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access. 2. The exact type of personal data may apply in your case will vary depending on the nature of your interaction with us. Examples of such personal data you provide us include your name, identification number, telephone number, mailing address, email address, telephone number and any other information relating to any individuals which you have provided us in any forms you may have submitted to us, or via other forms of interaction with you. 3. Personal data does not include business contact information and data about a data subject which has been annoymised. 4. Other terms used in this Notice shall have the meanings given to them in the PDPA (where the context so permits). COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA 5. We generally collect personal data that (a) you knowingly and voluntarily provide in the course of or in connection with your interaction with us, or via a third party who has been duly authorised by you to disclose your personal data to us (your “authorised representative”, which may include your job placement agent), after (i) you (or your authorised representative) have been notified of the purposes for which the data is collected, and (ii) you (or your authorised representative) have provided written consent to the collection and usage of your personal data for those purposes, or (b) collection and use of personal data without consent is permitted or required by the PDPA or other laws. We shall seek your consent before collecting any additional personal data and before using your personal data for a purpose which has not been notified to you (except where permitted or authorised by law). 6. Generally, depending on the situation, we may collect personal data in the following ways a. when you submit forms or applications to us; b. when you submit queries, requests or feedback to us; c. when we correspond and interact with you; 1 Namely, Consortium for Clinical Research and Innovation, Singapore Pte Ltd and its Business Units, including Advanced Cell Therapy Research Institute Singapore (ACTRIS), National Health Innovation Centre Singapore (NHIC), Precision Health Research, Singapore (PRECISE), Singapore Clinical Research Institute (SCRI) and Singapore Translational Cancer Consortium (STCC). d. when your images are captured by us via CCTV cameras while you are within our premises or photographs or videos taken by us or our representatives when you attend events hosted by us; e. when you respond to our request for additional Personal Data; f. when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list; g. when a governmental or regulatory authority / agency, refers your information to us; h. when we arrange for your professional / employment related appointments, travel, accommodation or other arrangements; i. when you respond to our initiatives; 7. Your personal data will be collected and used by us for the following purposes and we may disclose your personal data to our business units and/or third parties where necessary for the following purposes: a. assessing and evaluating your suitability for employment in any current or prospective position within the organisation; b. performing obligations under or in connection with your contract of employment with us, including payment of remuneration and tax; c. all administrative and human resources related matters within our organisation, including administering payroll, granting access to our premises and computer systems, processing leave applications, administering your insurance and other benefits, processing your claims and expenses, investigating any acts or defaults (or suspected acts or defaults) and developing human resource policies; d. managing and terminating our employment relationship with you, including monitoring your internet access and your use of our intranet email to investigate potential contraventions of our internal or external compliance regulations, and resolving any employment related grievances; e. assessing and evaluating your suitability for employment/appointment or continued employment/appointment in any position within our organisation; f. ensuring business continuity for our organisation in the event that your employment with us is or will be terminated; g. performing obligations under or in connection with the provision of our goods or services to our clients; h. facilitating any proposed or confirmed merger, acquisition or business asset transaction involving any part of our organisation, or corporate restructuring process; i. facilitating our compliance with any laws, customs and regulations which may be applicable to us. j. performing obligations in the course of or in connection with our provision of the goods and/or services requested by you; k. verifying your identity; l. responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you; m. managing your relationship with us; n. complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority; o. any other purposes for which you have provided the information; p. transmitting to any unaffiliated third parties including our third party service providers and agents, and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, whether in Singapore or abroad, for the aforementioned purposes; and q. any other incidental business purposes related to or in connection with the above. 8. The purposes listed in the above clauses may continue to apply even in situations where your relationship with us (for example, pursuant to a contract) has been terminated or altered in any way, for a reasonable period thereafter (including, where applicable, a period to enable us to enforce our rights under any contract with you). 9. After the lapse of the opt-out period, you may notify us that you no longer wish to consent to the purposes for which your consent was deemed by notification by withdrawing your consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data in relation to those purposes. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA 10. To safeguard your personal data from unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks, we have introduced appropriate administrative, physical and technical. 11. You should be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our information security measures. ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA 12. We generally rely on personal data provided by you (or your authorised representative). In order to ensure that your personal data is current, complete and accurate, please update us if there are changes to your personal data by informing our Data Protection Officer in writing or via email at the contact details provided below. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA 13. We will retain your personal data for as long as required for legal and business needs/ requirement. TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE OF SINGAPORE 14. We generally do not transfer your personal data to countries outside of Singapore. However, if we do so, we will obtain your consent for the transfer to be made and will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to receive a standard of protection that is at least comparable to that provided under the PDPA. ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL DATA/ WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT 15. If you wish to make (a) an access request for access to a copy of the personal data which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose your personal data, (b) a correction request to correct or update any of your personal data which we hold, or (c) intend to withdraw any consent previously given to CRIS to collect and retain any such personal data, you may submit your request in writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below. CONTACT DETAILS OF DATA PROTECTION OFFICER 16. You may contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any enquiries or feedback on our personal data protection policies and procedures; or if you wish to make any request, in the following manner: Email Address : dpo@cris.sg EFFECT OF NOTICE AND CHANGES TO NOTICE 17. This Notice applies in conjunction with any other policies, notices, contractual clauses and consent clauses that apply in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data by us. We may revise this Notice from time to time without any prior notice. You may determine if any such revision has taken place by referring to the date on which this Notice was last updated.